Text	Length_Scale
Birds of a feather flock together.	0.6
Birds of a feather flock together.	0.8
Birds of a feather flock together.	1
Birds of a feather flock together.	1.2
Birds of a feather flock together.	1.4
A creative artist works on his next composition because he was not satisfied with his previous one.	0.6
A creative artist works on his next composition because he was not satisfied with his previous one.	0.8
A creative artist works on his next composition because he was not satisfied with his previous one.	1
A creative artist works on his next composition because he was not satisfied with his previous one.	1.2
A creative artist works on his next composition because he was not satisfied with his previous one.	1.4
Death is like a fisherman who catches fish in his net and leaves them for a while in the water. The fish is still swimming but the net is around him, and the fisherman will draw him up.	0.6
Death is like a fisherman who catches fish in his net and leaves them for a while in the water. The fish is still swimming but the net is around him, and the fisherman will draw him up.	0.8
Death is like a fisherman who catches fish in his net and leaves them for a while in the water. The fish is still swimming but the net is around him, and the fisherman will draw him up.	1
Death is like a fisherman who catches fish in his net and leaves them for a while in the water. The fish is still swimming but the net is around him, and the fisherman will draw him up.	1.2
Death is like a fisherman who catches fish in his net and leaves them for a while in the water. The fish is still swimming but the net is around him, and the fisherman will draw him up.	1.4
Where do I come from and where are I going.	0.6
Where do I come from and where are I going.	0.8
Where do I come from and where are I going.	1
Where do I come from and where are I going.	1.2
Where do I come from and where are I going.	1.4
Where do I come from and where are I going?	0.6
Where do I come from and where are I going?	0.8
Where do I come from and where are I going?	1
Where do I come from and where are I going?	1.2
Where do I come from and where are I going?	1.4
Where do I come from and where are I going!	0.6
Where do I come from and where are I going!	0.8
Where do I come from and where are I going!	1
Where do I come from and where are I going!	1.2
Where do I come from and where are I going!	1.4